notes.md, before:

#Notes taken during the process

1. In tried to prepare VSCODE to be used with Python without much success.
   Using the following articles:
   - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57310009/how-to-install-a-new-python-module-on-vscode>
   - <https://windowsloop.com/how-to-add-to-windows-path/>
   
   While doing these steps I encountered the problem that while installing it would refer to a prior version of python that is installed on my computer.
2. I installed the PuGithub and requests following the indications from this article:
   1. <https://www.thepythoncode.com/article/using-github-api-in-python>
3. Installed JSON package for converting to more complex JSONs 
   1. <https://opensource.com/article/19/7/save-and-load-data-python-json>
   2.In order to view the JSON in Pycharm in a better format I learned to use the Ctrl+Alt+L command from this article.
      1. <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58129294/how-to-get-pycharm-to-format-a-json-file>
4. Created a .gitignore file to exclude for upload the github_data.json
5.

Commit message:

Type: Setup
Different file creation and setup to test not uploading

notes.md, after:

#Notes taken during the process

1. In tried to prepare VSCODE to be used with Python without much success.
   Using the following articles:
   - <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57310009/how-to-install-a-new-python-module-on-vscode>
   - <https://windowsloop.com/how-to-add-to-windows-path/>
   
   While doing these steps I encountered the problem that while installing it would refer to a prior version of python that is installed on my computer.
2. I installed the PuGithub and requests following the indications from this article:
   1. <https://www.thepythoncode.com/article/using-github-api-in-python>
3. Installed JSON package for converting to more complex JSONs 
   1. <https://opensource.com/article/19/7/save-and-load-data-python-json>
   2.In order to view the JSON in Pycharm in a better format I learned to use the Ctrl+Alt+L command from this article.
      1. <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58129294/how-to-get-pycharm-to-format-a-json-file>
4. Created a .gitignore file to exclude for upload the github_data.json
5. Trying to access further information following the examples from <https://www.thepythoncode.com/article/using-github-api-in-python>
   1. Trying to append information to the created JSON file using the article <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13949637/how-to-update-json-file-with-python>
   2.
